## Note
nid: 1661020709865
model: Cloze (overlapping)-chrisc-bc7e2
tags: GSSE::!Contributor::Victor_Liu, GSSE::Anatomy::Lower_limb::02._Medial_thigh
markdown: false

### Original
The medial intermuscular septum is a thin downward continuation of the [[oc1::fascia lata]] overlying the [[oc2::pectineus]] muscle. It continues over the adductor longus and [[oc3::adductor magnus]] muscles the end at the lower part of the adductor canal. It is thin in contrast to the [[oc4::lateral intermuscular septum]] which is thick.

### Title


### Remarks


### Sources


### Settings
1,1,0 | n,n,n,n

### Text1
The medial intermuscular septum is a thin downward continuation of the {{c1::fascia lata}} overlying the ... muscle. It continues over the adductor longus and ... muscles the end at the lower part of the adductor canal. It is thin in contrast to the ... which is thick.

### Text2
The medial intermuscular septum is a thin downward continuation of the fascia lata overlying the {{c2::pectineus}} muscle. It continues over the adductor longus and ... muscles the end at the lower part of the adductor canal. It is thin in contrast to the ... which is thick.

### Text3
The medial intermuscular septum is a thin downward continuation of the ... overlying the pectineus muscle. It continues over the adductor longus and {{c3::adductor magnus}} muscles the end at the lower part of the adductor canal. It is thin in contrast to the ... which is thick.

### Text4
The medial intermuscular septum is a thin downward continuation of the ... overlying the ... muscle. It continues over the adductor longus and adductor magnus muscles the end at the lower part of the adductor canal. It is thin in contrast to the {{c4::lateral intermuscular septum}} which is thick.

### Text5


### Text6


### Text7


### Text8


### Text9


### Text10


### Text11


### Text12


### Text13


### Text14


### Text15


### Text16


### Text17


### Text18


### Text19


### Text20


### Full
The medial intermuscular septum is a thin downward continuation of the {{c21::fascia lata}} overlying the {{c21::pectineus}} muscle. It continues over the adductor longus and {{c21::adductor magnus}} muscles the end at the lower part of the adductor canal. It is thin in contrast to the {{c21::lateral intermuscular septum}} which is thick.
